Folder CAT: Files in Folder 1 and 2,3 differ only in trace length and KLEE has found bug in Folder 1 but not in 2,3
**Folder FMT: Files in folder 2,3,4 are exactly same, but AFL found bug in 2,3 but not in 4 meaning given data is not enough to make predictions
            Also file in folder 1 has only one line of extra information compared to 2,3,4
Folder ECHO: KLEE has found bug in files of Folder 2,3 which have lower values of trace length compared to Folder 1,4 in which trace length is high
             Rest of information is same in all folders
Folder EXPR: AFL has found bug in files of Folder 2,4 the only visible differences between the files is higher value of trace length for folder 1
Folder PATHCHK: KLEE has found bug in files of folders 2,3,4, files 2,3 have significantly lower values of trace_length compared to files of folders 
                1,4 while other values are almost same.
**Folder PINKY: AFL has found bug in only folder 4 despite the fact that files in folders 2,3,4 are almost same and diifer with file in 1 at just one line
Folder PTX: KLEE has found bug in file of folder 1 only, while file 1,4 only differ in values of trace_length and file 1,3 differ at 2 lines
Folder STAT: KLEE has found bug in files of folders 1,2,3; *files 1 and 4 differ by only one line*
Folder TEST: KLEE has found bug in files of folders 1,3,4 file in folder 2 has higher values of trace_length,global_nesting_depth compared to
             others. Files in folders 1,4 have negative values of global_nesting_depth
Folder TOUCH: AFL has found bug in only file of folder 1, only visible diiference between files of folder 1 and 2,3,4 is greater value of call depth
              in folder 1
Folder UNIQ: AFL has found bug in files of Folder 2,3,4 ; file in folder 1 has smaller values of features(trace_length etc.) compared to 
             folders 2,3,4 in which values are similar
Folder WHO: AFL has found bug in files of Folder 2,3 despite the fact that files in Folder 1,2,3 are very similar and significantly different
            from file in Folder 4

I have noticed that files in same folder are similar to each other and files in different folders are significantly diferent. The problem arises
in the folders where AFL or KLEE has found bug in some files and not in others. Because these files are very similar to each other(sometimes differing
by a single line), it is very difficult for any ML or statistical model to account for this as the feature values for these files will have similar
values but the target value will be different. **In folder FMT, there are two files which are exactly same but bug has been found for one and not 
for the other which might mean that this data is not sufficient to predict the behaviour of AFL or KLEE. The only visible feature affecting whether 
bug is found is trace_length, but it is not uniform as well. There are files with both small and large values of trace_length in which bug was not found.
Because of this thresholding doesn't work for Association Rules and we are not getting a single good rule from it.